tweaks to equations (#344)
CliMA/ClimaAtmos.jl: docs/src/equations.md

- ``G^f_v`` is the [center-to-face vertical gradient](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#ClimaCore.Operators.GradientC2F).
  - the gradient is set to 0 at the top and bottom boundaries.
- ``C_h`` is the [horizontal curl](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#ClimaCore.Operators.Curl)
  - ``C_h[\boldsymbol{u}_h]`` returns a vector with only vertical _contravariant_ components.
  - ``C_h[\boldsymbol{u}_v]`` returns a vector with only horizontal _contravariant_ components.
- ``C^f_v`` is the [center-to-face vertical curl](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#ClimaCore.Operators.CurlC2F).
  - ``C^f_v[\boldsymbol{u}_h]`` returns a vector with only a horizontal _contravariant_ component.
  - the curl is set to 0 at the top and bottom boundaries.
    - We need to clarify how best to handle this.

## Auxiliary and derived quantities

* ``\boldsymbol{\Omega}`` is the planetary angular velocity. We currently use a shallow-atmosphere approximation, with
  ```math
  \boldsymbol{\Omega} = \Omega \sin(\phi) \boldsymbol{e}^v
  ```

>   where ``\phi`` is latitude, and ``\Omega`` is the planetary rotation rate in rads/sec (typically 7.29212 \times 10^{-5}) and ``\boldsymbol{e}^v`` is the unit radial basis vector. This implies that the horizontal contravariant component ``\boldsymbol{\Omega}^h`` is zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where ``\phi`` is latitude, and ``\Omega`` is the planetary rotation rate in rads/sec (for Earth, 7.29212 \times 10^{-5}) and ``\boldsymbol{e}^v`` is the unit radial basis vector. This implies that the horizontal contravariant component ``\boldsymbol{\Omega}^h`` is zero.
```

* ``\Phi = g z`` is the geopotential, where ``g`` is the gravitational acceleration rate and ``z`` is altitude above the mean sea level.
* ``K = \tfrac{1}{2} \|\boldsymbol{u}\|^2 `` is the specific kinetic energy (J/kg), reconstructed at cell centers by
  ```math
  K = \tfrac{1}{2} \|\boldsymbol{u}_h + I^c(\boldsymbol{u}_v)\|^2.
  ```

>   where ``\|\boldsymbol{u}\|^2 = g^{ij} \boldsymbol{u}_i \boldsymbol{u}_j`` and ``g^{ij}`` is the metric tensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where ``\|\boldsymbol{u}\|^2 = g^{ij} \boldsymbol{u}_i \boldsymbol{u}_j`` and ``g^{ij}`` is the contravariant metric tensor.
```
